Paratext is associated with a licensed resource, Reference Universe.

We are asked very infrequently to provide info about our collection so
users can access... something, I don't know.  Here's info from the vendor,
copied from Footprints ticket 9032:

Reference Universe provides an index-level citation database, matched to
your own librarys holdings. This permits reference staff and patrons to
look at the reference worksand only the reference worksand unlock the
content in electronic reference collection (like Gales VRL, Oxford,
Routledge, Blackwell, etc.)

In order to accomplish this, we need to create a profile of your
librarys holdings, specifically, a list of all of the ISBNS (020 tag in
the catalog) for every title your library holds with a 1980 publication
date or later.This matches the date coverage of the Reference Universe
bibliography.

For most IL systems, this is a simple output. As many libraries are
migrating some reference material to open stacks, the Reference Universe
bibliography may cover material that is not located solely in your
reference department itself, so we encourage you to include all titles
published after 1980, not just those labeled "reference".

A: Uploading Data

Please upload all 10 and 13-digit ISBNs for titles held by your library
for works with a publication date of 1980 and after.Your library is free
to upload all ISBNs (regardless of publication date) if that is easier.

B: Format of Upload

ISBN data should be sent in the following format:

A single flat textfile of the ISBNs (020 tag) held by your library. The
file should have one ISBN per line without any extraneous characters.
I've attached a sample of what a file of this format looks like. For
future updates, you may send either an updated, full list of your
library's titles, or just a partial list of those that have been added
or deleted from your catalog.

As an alternate option, a library may also FTP data in MARC transmission
format, instead of flat, text file. All future updates will need to be a
full file of all of your library's holdings.

FTPServer Information:
FTP:poolesplus.odyssi.com <http://poolesplus.odyssi.com/>
UN: reference
PW: ptxtpru2008
Please title your file: ucla1315.txt


